[thunder rumbling]
[rain pouring]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Last one.
Okay. [chuckles]
You sleep at all?
Not really.
Did I keep you up?
-Storm did.
-Oh.
That looks different.
Yeah. I-I fried the leaves.
I saw Sydney do it once. so…
[sighs]
It's not like before. baby.
I know.
I-I just… I don't want to feel
like that again.
I don't want Louie
to see me like that again.
-Think about where we are now.
-[sighs]
We're in a different place.
Think about everything you've learned.
all the new skills you have.
You can go anywhere you want. baby.
Plus. I didn't manage
an entire building last time.
I didn't have any money saved last time.
Right?
Louie's almost done with high school--
Yeah. but I didn't do
what I loved the last time.
You know. with all
the things you can do for a living
and all the-the people
you can do it with. I…
To get to do that something that you love
with people that you love--
Yeah. you won the lottery.
Yeah. Yeah.
Hell of a run.
-It's not over yet.
-You're right.
We're gonna figure something out.
-Yes. we are.
-[sighs]
[alarm ringing]
-It's time to wake up.
-[chuckles]
[rumbling continues]
[thunderclap]
[♪ tense music plays]
Parts of Cook County are
under a flash flood warning…
[reporter 1] Downtown was hit
with a downpour…
From the north side
down to the south side.
-and then stretching all the way down to…
-Joining us. that strip of rain…
We're talking a month's
worth of rain in just one day.
[reporter 2] If you don't have to be
on the roads. stay inside…
Heavy downpours.
those red colors popping up.
[reporter 3] High winds are picking up
all across the Chicago area.
[reporter 4] Rain has been pouring down
for hours across much of the city.
[reporter 3]
We're dealing with torrential downpours.
[keys jingling]
[♪ tense music continues]
[thunder rumbling]
Nobody likes you.
Everybody hates you.
You're gonna lose.
Smile. you fuck.
It's going to be a fucking day.
[sizzles]
-Hi. So. uh. the res app is down.
-[Richie] What's up?
Like our app is down?
The entire reservation system
isn't working.
[Richie] Goddamn it.
Um. I'll be right there.
Okay.
[sighs]
Jacket.
Steering wheel.
-Dashboard.
-[thunderclap]
Nah. I'm still fucking pissed.
[horns honking]
[reporter chattering on radio]
[horn honks]
-No. no. no. no--
-[glass shatters]
[tires screech]
[♪ music fades]
[doorbell rings]
-[Donna] Hi. hi. hi. Hi. come in. Come in.
-Hi.
-[Donna] Come in. In here.
-Okay.
-[Donna] I got her.
-Okay. Thank you.
-[Donna grunts] She's getting big.
-Yeah.
-Hi.
Okay. So. Mom. you promise
you're not gonna be weird. right?
-Yeah. I promise. I promise.
-[baby cooing]
Okay. Be chill. Be chill.
I am.
-Mom. what the fuck is going on?
-Nothing. I'm happy. I'm just happy.
-I'm here. I'm happy. Go. Go.
-Okay. Okay. good.
And I will be monitoring you. okay?
-So…
-I understand. Understood. Hurry up.
I love you. Sophie. Mwah.
Have fun with Grandma.
Yes. we will.
[Sugar] Okay.
You're not gonna be fucking weird. right?
Zero weird.
[♪ tense music resumes]
[clicks tongue]
-[Luca] Oh.
-[Marcus] Shit.
-[Luca] What's up. bro?
-I got you this.
Oh! Someone's celebrating
"Best New Chef" in style.
I need today to be perfect.
So this is
the. uh. much-talked-about McGriddle.
First McGriddle?
[Luca chuckles]
[hisses. sputters]
[♪ tense music continues]
[hissing. sputtering continues]
[sink gurgling]
[♪ music stops]
Hand to God. she came out of nowhere.
Look. I'm hearing different things.
[pipes rumbling]
[pipes sputtering]
-I don't wanna like this.
-But you have no choice.
'Cause it's kind of perfect.
No matter where you are.
no matter when you are.
this thing always tastes like this.
Honestly. for consistency.
McDonald's should have a Michelin star.
You should email them.
You should email them and say.
"There's this restaurant
I think is worthy of a star."
Called McDonald's.
It's worth a special trip. [chuckles]
-[♪ tense music resumes]
-[line ringing]
-[Richie] Yo.
-Hey. Howdy. partner.
I'm running behind schedule.
Listen. the sink is making
a really weird noise. and I--
I got into a little accident.
-Sorry. wait. An accident?
-It's nothing. It's some bullshit.
Okay. Do you need. like. anything?
-Or I-I can…
-[Richie] No. I'm fine. What's going on?
-…call my dad. Okay.
-[Richie] No. no.
Don't call your dad. I got this.
[sighs] Do you think we're. like.
completely insane for doing this?
-No. no. no.
-[sighs] Okay.
I'm just. like. worried we have
different definitions of…
like. insanity.
I'll be there soon. Thanks. Chef Syd.
Okay.
[sighs]
So many fucking exclamation points. man.
[thunder rumbling]
[♪ tense music continues]
[thunderclap]
[door opens]
[♪ music fades]
Looks familiar.
Trying to cover up the cracks.
That's a really good idea.
All that's missing is a quote.
Huh.
[Carmy chuckles]
This is it! Franchise. baby. Franchise!
Say that fucking word one more time.
I'm gonna kick you in the dick.
I'm not kidding!
I'll kick you in the fucking cock!
Listen to me. you've got 7.500 square feet
of restaurant you're trying to unload
when no one wants to buy
a fucking restaurant.
How do I know? 'Cause there's
an empty restaurant for sale over there
and there's an empty restaurant
for sale over there.
-What's the dirt worth?
-It doesn't matter what the dirt's worth.
It matters if I wanna knock
the fucking place down.
We're gonna have to get a survey done. and
we're gonna have to do it ten minutes ago.
The good news is I got someone
-who can tell us what we're dealing with.
-Who?
Cheese.
I'm gonna get a pop. You want one?
No. I don't want a motherfucking pop.
you idiot!
Jesus fucking Christ.
What the fuck was that?
He's a robot whose only skill is he
has the ability to suck his own cock.
Why did we. like.
set up the pass like this?
Back to the front… It's a… It's a little…
You know?
-Yeah. no. that…
-[thunder rumbling]
…is a good question.
You good?
No. not good.
Me too. not good.
Go.
[sighs] I got squeezed. Richard.
I. um…
I made a bad trade.
And it turned into the. uh. nightmare
fist fucking of my young life.
How much did you lose?
About three-quarters of my money.
I'm sorry.
You know all the partnership stuff
we discussed last night?
You know. could we just keep
that between us for a little while?
You know. find a…
a good time to tell everybody.
Yeah. Nah.
I-I was thinking the same thing.
Good. Cool.
-Smells good.
-Yeah.
Coca-Cola short ribs.
-Ah! It's a classic.
-Hmm.
-[Carmy grunts]
-[phone buzzing]
I wish I had the courage
to not answer my phone.
Oh. I wouldn't call it courage.
What would you call it?
The opposite.
That's a nice fucking watch.
My brother gave it to me.
[Richie] Is that right?
Only thing he ever gave me. you know.
About 35 years ago.
Must have been pretty
fucking flush for once. that fella.
Anyway…
The last one I got.
What happened to the other ones?
I sold them all yesterday.
I wanna be helpful.
So whatever you need…
you tell me.
I'm here.
Buddy. we got to get people out
of there so I can stop the bleeding.
I do not know what this fucking
farce you got going in there is.
Jimmy. we're operating.
I don't know what to tell you.
Richard. I'm selling the fucking building
to the first person who farts at me.
Yeah. and I'm not asking you not to.
All right? But we're gonna keep operating.
You do what you gotta do.
Whatever happens first happens first.
Are you honestly looking at me and
telling me that this is not fuck town?
I'm not giving up.
I feel like we've had
this conversation like a hundred times.
but it's always about toilets.
This time is different.
How's that?
This time I'm gonna help you.
-[Ebraheim] Morning. Chef.
-Morning.
-What happened to your leg?
-Uh. dentist.
-What?
-Sydney. I need to speak to Carmen.
Okay. well. you just missed him.
[sighs]
Should I clean out our lockers?
No. why?
Today is last day.
No. Chef. like we said last night. we are
staying here until the lights turn off.
But. Chef. the credit cards don't work.
Okay. Well. I-I didn't know that.
That's horrible.
But. um…
You let us worry about that. okay?
You worry about your leg and teeth.
It says we're out of time. Chef.
[beeps]
[♪ tense. somber music playing]
No. it doesn't.
[Ebraheim] I didn't see nothing either.
-[Luca] Chef. I had my first McGriddle.
-Hey.
-Yeah? How was that?
-Yeah. it was fire.
-[Carmy] That's good.
-[Marcus] I told you.
Hey. what's the. uh. line like
over at McDonald's? Is that chaos?
Hell no. That shit is smooth.
It's dialed like a Rolex. Assembly line.
Consistent. [grunts]
[Marcus] Exactly.
-Hey. morning.
-[Sydney] Good morning.
Um. are you. like. listening to…
Oh. yeah. DD is watching Sophie today.
So you're listening to DD?
Yeah. I am.
Glad I got it in under the wire.
What do you mean?
Oh. uh. I meant to tell you.
I'm going back to Copenhagen.
Soon.
Shit.
Yeah. man. Sorry. I meant to tell you.
Shit's been so crazy and I just. um…
But something came up. I think I gotta…
I think I gotta take it.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean.
you don't wanna be a stage forever. right?
Right.
Deliveries cut us off.
Which ones?
[Sugar] Well.
just the paper goods for now.
Oh.
But I gotta stretch some bills.
which means we're gonna have
to stretch ingredients again.
I need you to take each dish down 15%.
-Fif-- One. five?
-One. five.
-Yeah.
-[scoffs] Okay.
Just means I'm gonna have to redesign.
like. every set.
Think you can do it?
Do I have a choice?
Okay.
-Thank you.
-All right. I'ma see you up there. yeah?
-Yep.
[pipes hissing]
-[Carmy] Yeah.
-[Sydney] Hey.
-[Luca] Chef.
-[Sydney] Um. plumbing is being freaky.
Have you guys noticed anything?
-[pipes sputtering. hissing]
-Just that.
Albert.
I'm going to speak
to Carmen this afternoon.
Please advise.
Repeat after me.
Make it easy for him to say yes.
Don't use too many words.
Have no fear.
Don't be scared by his blue eyes.
Stop repeating.
Stop repeating. You…
Oh. yes. Sorry. Yes. of course.
Wish me luck.
-Hey.
-[Sugar] Hi.
-You on the phone?
-Morning.
-No. I'm not.
-You got a sec?
Yeah. what's up?
-Do you recognize this? [panting]
-Do I recognize what?
Do you recognize this paper clip?
Yeah. that's one
of the paper clips we use.
Yeah. one of the paper clips we use.
-Guess where I found it?
-Where?
-In our parking lot.
-Okay.
-[Richie] Know what that means?
-What?
That someone. or more likely
several someones. walked past it
-and just left it there.
-It's a paper clip.
Everything that leaves this organization
is a loss. Sug.
Every second counts.
Every fucking penny counts. all right?
Everything that leaves here.
every paper clip
is the difference
between profitability and loss.
And under my newfound jurisdiction.
that kind of… that kind of carelessness.
that does not jive.
Are you okay?
Oh. I got in a. um…
like. a little car accident.
-What? Fuck.
-That's not what this is. though.
-That's not what this is.
-No. no. Are you… Are you hurt?
I'm fine. It was a little…
It was… It was nothing.
I was thinking about your brother
and just…
-I-I got an Uber. It's all good.
-Well--
But my point is that this organization
has chosen stabilization
and I think we need to choose maximation.
Okay. you sure you're okay?
-I'm good.
-Okay.
-[Richie sighs]
-Maximation.
I mean. I like that.
-[Richie] It's gonna be a great day.
-[Sugar] Okay.
It's gonna be a great day.
Faks!
[Ted] Yep. Yep. On your six.
Yeah. it's angry.
-Yeah.
-It's…
-[pipes rumbling]
-What do we got?
Syd. it's clogged.
It sounds like it's growling at us.
-Yeah.
-Fak. are you wearing a Nautilus?
No. it's a Phillip Patekis.
It sounds like it's coming from in there.
-[rumbling grows louder]
-Uh…
-Yeah. That's…
-[Sydney] Well. I think maybe we just…
Yeah.
Why is Paul Rubb making noises?
[pipes hissing. rumbling]
Don't fuck with me. Rubb.
[♪ dramatic music plays]
It's possessed.
[hissing intensifies]
Oh. you know what it might be--
[Sydney] Oh. my God!
[Neil] Are you all right?
Ted!
[water rushing]
Ted. are you okay?
-[Ted] No!
-[Neil] Ted!
-[Ted] Go get help!
-[Neil] Are you okay?
Do you need help?
Do you need help. Ted?
-[Ted] Yeah!
-[Neil] Ted. are you okay?
-Ted!
-[Ted shouts]
[Neil] Are you okay?
Look at me!
-Ted. are you okay?
-[Ted] No! [shouts]
[Neil] Are you okay?
-[thunderclap]
-[rain pouring]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm